The Model: Student describes their model in detail. This includes the state, actuators and update equations.
The kinematic model includes the vehicle's x and y coordinates, orientation angle (psi), and velocity, as well as the cross-track error and psi error (epsi). Actuator outputs are acceleration and delta (steering angle). The model combines the state and actuations from the previous timestep to calculate the state for the current timestep based on the equations given in the lesson 19 for model.

Timestep Length and Elapsed Duration (N & dt): Student discusses the reasoning behind the chosen N (timestep length) and dt (elapsed duration between timesteps) values. Additionally the student details the previous values tried.
The values chosen for N and dt are 10 and 0.1, respectively. Admittedly, this was at the suggestion of Udacity's provided office hours for the project. These values mean that the optimizer is considering a one-second duration in which to determine a corrective trajectory. Adjusting either N or dt (even by small amounts) often produced erratic behavior. Other values tried include 20 / 0.05, 8 / 0.125, 6 / 0.15, and many others.

Polynomial Fitting and MPC Preprocessing: A polynomial is fitted to waypoints. If the student preprocesses waypoints, the vehicle state, and/or actuators prior to the MPC procedure it is described.
The waypoints are preprocessed by transforming them to the vehicle's perspective (see main.cpp lines 108-113). This simplifies the process to fit a polynomial to the waypoints because the vehicle's x and y coordinates are now at the origin (0, 0) and the orientation angle is also zero.

Model Predictive Control with Latency: The student implements Model Predictive Control that handles a 100 millisecond latency. Student provides details on how they deal with latency.
The approach to dealing with latency was twofold (not counting simply limiting the speed): the original kinematic equations depend upon the actuations from the previous timestep, but with a delay of 100ms (which happens to be the timestep interval) the actuations are applied another timestep later, so the equations have been altered to account for this (MPC.cpp lines 104-107). Also, in addition to the cost functions suggested in the lessons (punishing CTE, epsi, difference between velocity and a reference velocity, delta, acceleration, change in delta, and change in acceleration) an additional cost penalizing the combination of velocity and delta (MPC.cpp line 63) was included and results in much more controlled cornering.


